1. 这门课中，也涉及到GUI的部分，但是前端front-end的GUI部分，已经由UCSD的starter code提供好了。这部分是基于JavaFX框架来实现GUI的。
还有一种Java实现GUI的方式是通过Swing框架. 
http://www.zhihu.com/question/37236236

2. 注意Java中关于正则表达式使用的两个很关键的类。一个是Pattern，一个是Matcher. 具体使用方法如下：

A regular expression, specified as a string, must first be compiled into an instance of Pattern class.
The resulting pattern can then be used to create a Matcher object that can match arbitrary character sequences follows the regular expression.

public boolean find()
Attempts to find the next subsequence of the input sequence that matches the pattern.

public String group()
Returns the input subsequence matched by the previous match.

	import java.util.regex.Matcher;
	import java.util.regex.Pattern;

	String text = "待检测字符串";
	String pattern = "#regex expression#"; // 字符串表示的正则匹配规则
	Pattern p = Pattern.compile(pattern); // 先compile一个符合pattern规则的Pattern对象
	Matcher m = p.matcher(text); // 再根据待检测输入text, 创建一个Matcher对象
	while (m.find()) {
		System.out.println(m.group());
	}


3. 抽象类Document中，有一个static方法叫做 testCase(), 这个方法可以被子类 BasicDocument继承，从而进行一些测试，来验证用于进行
public int getNumSentences(), public int getNumWords(), public int getNumSyllables()的正则表达式是否正确。

4. 注意：一个document或者说一个字符串中，从上一个句子的结束开始，到整个document或者说整个字符串以字符序列结尾的话， 即使没有end of line
punctuation mark也算一个sentence. 比如：Segue这就是一个sentence

作业中用于断句的正则表达式写的比较naive, 有些corner case的处理并不是很恰当。如下所述：
Our REGEX are pretty naive. For example, the word 7.5 causes real problems for our expressions as a “.” usually denotes the end of a sentence. 

5. 关于如何统计每个word的音节数syllable, 此次作业中有作业中的rules, 虽然他不符合实际英语语言的规定，但是为了统一测试标准，规定如下：

To count the number of syllables in a word, you should use the following rule:

Each contiguous sequence of one or more vowels is a syllable, with the following exception: a lone "e" at the end of a word is not considered a syllable unless the word has no other syllables. You should consider y a vowel.

Under these rules the words “the”, “fly”, “yes”, “cave” and “double” all have 1 syllable, but "segue" has two syllables. Notice that this isn’t exactly correct (“double” actually has 2 syllables), but it’s close enough for our purposes. Here are some more examples with the number of syllables your method should return to help you: "contiguous" (3 syllables), "sleepy" (2 syllables), "obvious" (2 syllables), "toga" (2 syllables). Notice that our rules get a lot wrong, especially when you have more than 2 vowels in a row, but these are the rules we will test you against.

6. 注意！！！在判断每个word里的 number of syllables即音节数时，要对每个字符做判断，别忘了大小写！！！元音 a,e,i,o,u + y, 还有大写字母！！
因此，我们可以考虑对每个word, 都先转换成小写形式，再统一处理。

7. 



